this is the only spaghetti and meat
sauce you'll ever make again it only
takes 30 minutes to prepare it's healthy
loaded with veggies it's delicious full
of flavor and you can make it for dinner
any night of the week so first we're
going to prep all of our veggies I have
the onion garlic carrot and celery for
the onion I'm just going to give it a
rough
chop and since time is of the essence
here we're going to put everything into
the food processor
so since I'm throwing everything into
the food processor I want it to be
similar size pieces with the onion the
carrot and the celery that way
everything gets chopped up
evenly and then garlic let's do five
[Music]
cloves and then our carrot I'm going
with a pretty large size one cuz you
really want it packed with veggies you
can go either way with peeling it or not
peeling it if you have the time peel it
if you don't you can leave it whole just
make sure you give it a good
wash again just similar size
chunks and then our celery I think the
addition of the carrot and the celery
really adds like a nice sweetness to our
sauce and I used the leaves
too we're going to give it a whirl until
you get small pieces just make sure that
it doesn't get too mushy and
this looks about good and then once
that's done we're basically ready to
cook okay so to cook everything I have a
large heavy pot and I'm just going to
add a nice glug of olive oil to the
bottom and then we'll turn the heat on
to medium high and once the oils nice
and shimmery we're going to add in our
chopped vegetables they really need to
cook and caramelize here and to really
amp up the flavor I'm going to hit it
with some salt to really bring out the
flavor and make it sweat while it's
cooking so I know it looked like I added
a lot of olive oil but once you add in
the veggies and it starts to saut√© it
really absorbs all of that healthy fat
so don't be afraid of
it o it's looking good so the vegetables
are starting to caramelize and you see
like brown bits at the bottom now it's
time to add our Meats I have 1 lb of
ground beef here that's an 8515 split I
like using this fat content ratio
because I feel like the sauce does
doesn't get too heavy and Rich where you
just feel like it has a full layer of
oil on top but this one is nice and
balanced and then I have two lengths of
Italian sausage here that's about half a
pound you can just get this at your
local butcher or deli section just
remove the casing and then we'll add it
all in the pot together and the
combination of these two Meats together
really gives the sauce a nice depth of
flavor this is also great because for
anyone in your family that's allergic to
vegetables they would never know the
veggies pretty much much cling on into
the meat and it just becomes one it also
helps to tenderize the meat since we
only have 30 minutes to make this we
don't have the time to really break down
the meat and make it tender as you would
if you were to cook it for hours on in
so once the meat and the vegetables have
combined we're going to hit it with some
more flavor I'm adding 1 tbspoon of
dried Italian seasoning and this is
optional but I like adding some crushed
fennel in there to give it more of that
sausy but like sweet fennel flavor that
enhances the dish as well and then I'm
going to add one whole can of tomato
paste the tomato paste here will give
the sauce a deep rich concentrated
tomato flavor and it's going to enhance
our sauce's overall taste it's starting
to smell so good with the spices
especially the fennel that I added in
here and then the tomato paste and the
meat
Browning we're almost there we're almost
there O Beautiful caramel ization at the
bottom so once we get that I'm going to
add in a whole can of crushed tomatoes
we'll rinse the can with a little bit of
water I just like to fill it up halfway
can't waste any of the goodness here and
then my secret sauce fish sauce it's
basically made out of anchovies and it
gives your sauce that Umami saltiness
that you would normally get if you were
to again cook your meat sauce for hours
on end but this is my shortcut hack to
infuse it with that delicious flavor
just make sure you scrape off any of the
caramelization at the bottom cuz that is
the flavor and then we'll just cover it
up and let it simmer for another 15
minutes and while we're waiting for this
to simmer give this video a thumbs up
and now I'm going to make our pasta for
my pasta I'm only boiling it for half
the time it says on the box to get rid
of the starchiness okay the pasta is
boiling let's double check on our meat
sauce amazing I'm going to give it a
quick stir
oh
yes honestly with like the oil on the
side it looks like I've been simmering
this for hours and you can just see how
soft the meat already
looks it's going to be great but now I'm
going to finish cooking off the pasta
inside the meat sauce I've also saved
some pasta water to really help the
sauce cing to the pasta now the question
is do I mix it with a spoon or a tongs
cuz it's going to be messy
St just make sure that the spaghetti is
completely submerged and then we're
going to let it finish cooking for
another 5 to 7 minutes for me I love it
when my pasta is like fully drenched and
flavored in the sauce and once it's
ready I'm going to finish it off with
some grated Parmesan cheese and some
freshly chopped parsley and basil to
give it some added
[Music]
freshness
[Music]
let's serve
this oh it is drenched in the sauce and
the spaghetti looks perfectly
[Music]
cooked
you can spoon in some more meat sauce
right on top
wow look at
that I'll hit it with some more parmesan
cheese some
[Music]
hubs and since I like it with a hint of
spiciness some freshly crushed red
pepper now let's dig
in I was always taught that to have
spaghetti you always twirl it on a spoon
like
[Music]
this I'm not even joking when I say that
is one of the best spaghetti and meat
sauce I've ever had this is honestly a
recipe that I make all the time on my
Instagram and I always get asked for the
recipes so here it is I hope you guys
love it as much as I do
thank you so much for watching and if
you guys want more easy meals go watch
the next
[Music]
one this is so freaking
[Music]
delicious hey guys in today's video I'm
going to share three high protein
breakfast ideas from the easiest 5minute
recipe to an easy 15-minute recipe with
the goal of getting you out of your
breakfast rut